quick hello hello everyone welcome to
the Jessica vest quartet team weekly of
May 28 2008 eeen it is good to see
everyone's faces again it has been a
couple of weeks I was able to make to
this call everyone is doing okay
ruining have a nice weekend we energized
for the the week awesome I see turns up
that's good cool alright do we before we
start do we have a note-taker
you
someone that would like to take notes
someone that would like to write down
like some keywords of what people say
that are important to remember oh we
have one thank you goes out cool so you
have access to the clip that I'll post
it here on the chat so just sure you can
you share in the trip there you go can
you can see it cool so no taking for
this call it's more like people will go
through their dumb blocked and and next
and then for the questions is where we
when we take notes and then also the
note-taker typically does it for
requests to make sure that the notes
gets stored cool okay so we have a
note-taker we are recording we have
everything we need
let's jump right into the week updates
I'll start with mine and then we'll
follow the order in the list so from me
basically I'm back to doing a lot of PR
and wish and services of stuff I've
tried to go through all the things I was
notified on today and I believe I did
all of them tell me if I missed any or
if there is any that I should be looking
at that I was not linked and therefore
just asked me on it during the morning i
well i prepared like this jessica fancy
routine unreleased there's the iolite
session is now complete I ran all the
tests it's ready like we should be able
to release Wednesday finally and we have
so much stuff already on the pipeline
for the next release which means like we
probably should be able to do another
Louise even this month and that is
basically my so like part of my to dues
for this week it's 0:29
by Wednesday if everything goes well and
then I want to enable the VHD by default
like and just web just slightly fine
just a beep s and I that's it
that just reverse network is a network
there's a lot of notes
connecting and we should start like
actually testing the DHT like our
implementation not just the Hana flag
there is a tht PR which like physically
plugs each D into a beat swap and
uniqueness engine and I want to revive
that one it has been still for a while
so that's going to require a little bit
of refactor and also I want to go back
to the pure pure and finish one of my
key results which is like the the newer
the refactor version of Liberty beer
this week I will focus on the config
part any questions for me
sounds no questions perfect by the way
thank you all if you are in u.s. or in
UK I know that second holiday or if you
are in US and UK ain't not here
still affair to enjoy your holiday so
we'll get a fix my text next up we have
Volker okay
I wanna share a bit I forgot to thank
everyone from the u.s. in the previous
meeting that they attended yeah okay so
and as I was working on so that's we
there was the heck week and I spent most
time on flow typing because there was
huger also there and so it was the
perfect time to work on it and because
on the other stuff I should work on I
can also do on my own from home and I
also did on the like on the airport and
train stations I did I added a function
that you can add custom codex true - Jas
marquee codec that's important so we can
add your own formats - am shy as I PLD
it's curly in review all right
and next I probably will work on racing
again finish the flow tagging stuff and
just one more thing that I won't be
available that much the next two weeks
so dependence between conferences and
cost prints so sometimes I might be
checked my English sometimes I won't I'm
so just that everyone's aware of it that
if I don't reap immediately I might not
be available but I try my best to e and
I have a question I also have a question
for the read before that it gets this
question and when and so I create the
pull requests on Chase Utley colleague
open and I don't know like a maintainer
so should aya for review always only at
the maintainer or should I also and you
to such things or what's the preferred
way of doing it
so if there is a little maintainer for
the module like feel free just go ahead
review like it should be very clear what
are the expectations for what means to
review as the lien maintainer and what
means to test and what needs to happen
when the real this happens every limited
area should have publish rights right
now if you don't let me know and and so
you don't need me except for Jessup EFS
I really think Jessica Fest is and just
like it appeared so the top level
modules that I that clean those I prefer
to still be around just to be sure
also because just like communicating to
our users that happens like behind the
scenes like there's a lot of emails back
and forward now identifying people and
so I like to be present it's just to
make sure that like I get to push the
new release to everyone but out for all
the other modules just just cover it
that that's why we created the protocol
given at the URL let me do the
availability and we are finishing a
quarter can can you like focus solely on
grassing because in I believe it's like
the most important thing do you agree
yes so I will yeah so well stuff yeah
yeah I would say even before like flow
typing or any other review or any other
bug fix what awesome thank you any other
questions for poker
no hands okay next up we have Alan Chow
who is enjoying news all day and yes
then a lot of stuff as you can see here
a lot of yards for zero and I basically
carried that one over the finish line
it's some bits on things finished the
the pink feature and fix all the issues
there is a thing here where the Java IP
basically quiet cause the wrong HP end
point I actually don't know what's up
each other I'll need to check this what
what is happening each other and why we
are carrying yeah and so he's going to
focus on pinning which is a very big PR
and not just that you have questions for
him definitely reach out to IRC you will
be able to answer tomorrow next up we
have Dimitri
hey guys so I've been working on the net
reversal stuff I got a basic
implementation of a mapper that we'll
use you can viewer that empty to create
a port popping and next I'm planning on
integrating it with the dye on the
protocol that will based on that mapping
request the other host to dial your back
if circuit was used and medium that the
direct connection was not being was not
a sandwich so if the circuit connection
exists and we used it to create a
connection and we have an app mapping we
can ask the other host on the other side
to dial it back using the not the new
mapping and I am going to be focusing on
the dynamic back protocol next and
polishing the mapping manager this week
as well that's it oh yeah you have more
stuff I have a couple of questions
so is there a spec for the dial me
protocol I don't think there is yeah I
was I was gonna create it I was gonna
work on it it's not an initial
implementation the thing is that without
a dial me we can't add a map in and just
leave it there but it's gonna be so I'm
gonna be as useful as if we bad at it
and tandem with the diny protocol I was
thinking that it was probably gonna be a
very simple thing just sent the new IP
and port to the other end and ask him to
dial you back on on on those yeah sounds
good like I think it's a clever idea
something that I can up in conversations
I just want to make sure that the design
is correct before we have killed that a
original spec and then there is no
crossing limitation right we now have
three implementations it's not just no I
was saying that I will write it down and
and happen ask for feedback and see
sounds good like remember like even just
opening an issue describing what it is
in our level we're drawing of what you
see that's working like it it's like 50%
already like it already helps for the
feedback same thing goes for the net
reversal I would like to understand
where you are playing that because if
you're not refer some mechanisms you'll
need different features or different
accesses the repeater Biersack so it's
important that we make sure that the
integration is nice so that we can use
okay you need me to open up an h2 and
describe what what's going on or do you
want to just discuss it at a PR or so
the not reversal there is only you like
you can just drop notes there dial me
protocol definitely do on that we do the
peer specs okay cool sweet any more
questions for Dmitry
while he's the one who is the same
person asking the question what hey guys
during really response and the service
worker gay
initially its post them I also created
200 requests for yesterday professor IO
one for integrating several gateway in
the other way for the deployed parts
they are not merged yet
I'm just waiting one for Victor too
shaky phase okay everything with the
champions and next for the next week
I've already started today working in
the stats page of the cervix for
engagement and I went to also for this
week guarantee that is repet fest Rio as
the service worker live as well as
integrating the GS ffs HTTP response
with the GS IVFs now it is only with the
service or engage with and I also went
to as a limit China go truth yep FST
still issues in PRS I have several ones
to look last week I didn't have time to
go through them I will go this week and
that's it for me
yeah very thing stuff with the service
worker and a waiting for to see depth on
the defense on your webpage I think it's
going to pull people's minds
definitely X stress tested like you went
to pass some like I know some big files
to their I know that will go is going to
focus a lot on like stress testing JB
fest but also make sure that like the
service worker like there that the thing
also behaves well when in conjunction
with just a TFS
or it breaks if it breaks you should
behave like a nice eh eh eh sorry about
that
like still offer try again right like
you know like just like blowing people's
faces that's what I'm afraid of
yes I've not tried to with the really
large files but I will try with this
please Rick that sounds good thank you
any other questions for watching
all right cool next up we have the yoga
classy San Diego
so I guess let's take a beam on Lisbon
hi quick and I can lotion on kimchi
finally the health exchange example
there's an open PR and I'm waiting for
some region I think it's all almost
close to be merged the video said you
were looking for what was waiting for
the review from Alan show he's going to
be away or it's kind of make tomorrow
it's gonna make tomorrow he just like a
nominated in UK like I didn't know if he
was going to be away for for the rest of
the week or something like that so we'll
we'll wait for him to redo it and this
week and probably the next to excel the
proofing jsr PFF ever handle in the
basement hey quick I've been talking
with Victor and we've got a plan how to
start doing that I'll open an awesome
endeavor new issue with the steps
necessary to to solve it and yeah that's
what I'm going to I think like there
it's really about like creating this the
test suite that gives you mirrors like
otherwise like if we start doing a lot
of refactoring trying to guess where
there are succumbing problem it's still
good because we have some good intuition
the back it's not going to be reliable
like we might just break things again
and so Victor already has a set up to
deploy recipe fest as a gateway
he claims like every time he does that
like it crashes a couple of days after
so so I quit let's isolate what makes it
crash they like me get repeatable so
things change like we know we are in the
right direction this is this they're
like aligned with the planet you have
you or
not really I think we were talking about
you you said that we could write address
in various levels of the stack so we
could see white women impressed right
yeah but now you're you're talking about
creating a test suit so the when the
demon pressures is due to a reason right
or you are fighting like trash to like
eating like open ports or like he's just
handling a large file or it like just
has too many connections open and so
there's like multiple attack vectors to
do like make the process scratch and
what I'm saying is like in order for to
fix those things you have to make those
repeatable but you have to have some
script it doesn't have to be like a
full-fledged test you have to have some
like even if it's just a manual script
like he can be repeatable so that you
can then test idea we should be
automated like it should be something
you run and if the the error annoying is
correct then it passes the test if she
starts then it crashes okay I'm not
really sure how to tackle that or I have
to think honest okay I think there's a
lot of comments on the issue for for
this thing I can also read that time
again and just like post more feedback
there if that helps you alright yeah
that's good cool thank you any other
questions for the yoga
all right let's see how in school
hi so last week I also was in with Van
Dyke week I was able to finish up all
the browser focused improvements on Asia
with the help of Victor the public West
is almost done
I think Victor had a couple of last
minute comments which should be the last
ones and it should be merged this week
also I was able to
I'd worked for flow engine basically
with the help of poker and next week or
this week I'll be finishing up all the
the testbed with all the import I gather
dueling last week I already started
setting up a nice ripple to an
integrating all the changes I made to
the to wager so I can am able to break
point and play with the profiling
indexes so I have all the the tools I
need to finish my okey ARS regarding big
files and connections it's basically it
also I mean I think we we talked like
for a second it used thoughts I was
already like a maintainer for some
ripples but then I said to that I am NOT
so I don't know if you miss something
I'm not sick I was actually reviewing
there the list of ripples like there is
some repose a type of maintainer but it
doesn't mean a bit of yet there is one
which like well Pedro kind of like ended
off that to you like the connection
manager thing and so I feel like you
should be like owning that at the same
time I know that I cannot focus on that
right now so I wanted to check in with
you perhaps like synchronously not here
like if you if you are still a little
bit a bit ability to talk over
on on the remaining do yeah super cool
that's like now the tooling works and it
we will have that like very intense
tests that's just a beef s2 we have any
intuition or like how long will it take
to create a harness to test like to
stress tester peepers versus how much
time you will have left so actually do
the debugging right now I'm guessing
during this week I'll be able to do at
least a set up everything I'm thinking
about like three or four like examples
that I want to to build inside one
vehicle and maybe everything set up so I
can run it multiple times and identify
the the bottlenecks
so I think one week probably leave it
more but I think it will it will not be
much more than that like week we can
help to set up all the all the tests and
after that I'll be opening a pull
requests a fix stuff already to improve
things
sounds good that's great that's great to
hear
one more question or ask you showed last
week
when you upgrade all the to link Mike
you shoot like the diagram of all of the
package sizes like on the bumble I think
that was a really nice visualization I
was merely disc if I but it's like both
work for me like I just want that to be
more doable
developers like if you can make that
like part of like the NPM scripts I just
just getting to that page I think will
be useful for older people to really
understand like how much how heavy it is
its package right oh yeah on the issue I
created on AG
in the awesome endeavor that whether I
am all the stuff all the ideas I
initially had to improve the one of the
items exactly that one and also like as
a little script that you run every every
time you do a build and it's like a test
if you you give it a trash hold like two
megabytes and if you your window goes up
that threshold it's like it gives you a
warning or something so you know each
each time you do a release or a build
that you are going over some defined
threshold where we actually want to like
the IPF s103 and also as that source map
Explorer that you saw but basically I
will work on that when I have more time
right now I just want to get to test but
running because it that's Domingo but I
will not forget about it it's it's on
already only on an issue sweet thank you
any other questions for ago from anyone
all right - last but not the least machi
and so I have removed this feature or
rather this back and the piece which
that denote could tile itself and I
fixed some typos in the PDP circuit
which still aren't merged which is kind
of weird considering it's just one
change and I also worked a bit allowed
trust now did ya NS records can be
changed remotely that would allow me to
add tests and eventually make this
really PDP module that's publicly is
important or something like that do you
have any questions for me or that sounds
good and so thank you so much for fixing
that those issues on switch and the
typos on circuit yeah it will be
exciting to see another demo but as you
progress like I think you always do cool
demos all like the thing working and so
if I learn in DFS on land or even if
just want to record a video or like the
uses of no trust and now we set up I
didn't Iver useful to show that before
but I just don't know what to demo
because it's basically the same thing
just a bunch of output and then it
connects over HTTP and that's a real
demo ever well but you have been
improving your explanation on why it's
important that's why I am saying it's
always useful to a travel demo okay I
will do that but I saw also on the other
quickly that you were looking for more
issues to work on let me know if you
still need help
I like identifying more things to like
from the pile of issues as we have
already to heck on oh yeah we can like
jump what I call maybe tomorrow or
Wednesday and just like go through a lot
of things that might be exciting for you
yes maybe I should also schedule the
confident yeah yeah you just like take
15 minutes
clearly like then we can go through that
cool any questions for Mikey
I don't see any cool we have two minutes
left to go through the question it's
very very quick so that we don't steal
anyone's time
question number one which I captured
from the last meeting recording why we
don't have 1.0.0 modules and it was
seller in the article which is kind of
incorrect it's not because we are not
feature complete it's because ipfs is
alpha IP pants is alpha software right
now we haven't really moved to better
the guy IP pester that is a reference
implementation is 0.4 so it's still in a
minor version same as just a bit best we
just had more advanced minor version and
there is actually a very interesting
reading that I recommend you checking
it's one of Jay Bennett random ideas and
it's about like this problem with temper
we're similar to that like for fourth
element which is for vanity like you
should be able to say oh this is alpha
this is better this is like a beef s1
it's that defense to and then EV the
developer version which is kind of like
chrome does but because of the way that
go packaging and just like a gene works
we don't have access to that and so we
keep ipfs under one the road so that
people don't fall into the mistake of
thinking that we are claiming that I
purposefully ready and I executed the
other day they're like super stable and
so on like it will be very unfortunate
to arrive at ipfs release like the first
version of a big mess with IP that's
just the best version like 99 right like
it is because of that like it's not
because we are not feature parity or
something if you want to understand how
to get to Bella and then to alpha
there's like some discussions on garel
comm IP / / my peepers was it clear
which is Hubbell I given the
coefficients week all right cool next up
we have two questions from machi machi
can you do it again super quick so first
thing is WebSocket star I think that it
was discussed that this module should be
deprecated and it was like half a year
ago and now that finish
be already dead and I think it's more of
a summary right now and I don't know if
I should still do anything about this
module or if you should just let it die
in silence something like that
I don't think it should i it's still a
valid transport it works like it does it
seem like it fits certain specific
scenarios it's a very easy way to spawn
like I will call that right here I heard
that it's going to be replaced by PDP
circuit based solution and that will use
the renews for the coil through Italy
because like we also want that to be the
solution like we want to route every
traffic from true Imperial period that
said there has to be a migration tab you
cannot just drop one thing one day and
then like wait for the next solution to
come you actually the next solution and
having them working together like
migrate everyone and convince everyone I
like this new solution is the best one
and once once that new solution is fully
adopted then we can consider turning off
our see knowing like our in the win
point but until then it's good to
continue maintaining it like people are
people are relying on it for demos for
prototypes and so on so there is users
right we should not drop it it's
actually and the second thing as I hear
that the public gateway is crashing
often and there is the software that I
use also the PPP no trust website that
basically reports errors automatically
and if that's might be useful
we thank you like we have used sentry
for other services I actually don't know
what the for structure team is using
right now I know that we have graph on I
just like to see they have time another
like stats from the nodes
definitely this is the thing to check in
with Victor and ours so should I create
an issue about this in infrastructure
repo
yeah exactly it might be documented that
really read your Doc's first because it
might be the commented what they are
using already okay
thank you all right so Asylum because we
are already over so I've noticed that
the number of issues on a box keeps
increasing like the on the waffle wart
and by the way I also want whole board
are synchronized so if you move one
issue from inbox already I give you a
movie in other ones because it
synchronizes two levels which is kind of
cool
and so what I want to ask you is please
do like tag issues and move them to
ready or to back load if they are ready
to the Oregon or not or blocked on
something and like to it like just just
for the weed maintainer it kind of
protocol like definitely like spend a
little bit of time like 10 minutes a day
or just like creating curating your
issues because it a lot for new
contributors right now we have a panel
thing that we don't know the difficulty
we don't know the priority we don't know
if they're good for for new computers a
lot and so yeah like okay can I get
everyone to call me like 10 minutes
every day just like to go through issues
this week so that like next week we have
like with box zero on a waffle
is it good okay see some hands always
like I don't know peace thank you
alright alright that's like my remark I
don't I want to take more of your time
thank you so much for the updates it
seems like a lot of things like going on
I don't think that blending which is
like nice from like end of the quarter
there's people's with demos there's like
more demos for next Islands there's like
releases like there's pictures on the
pipeline for the next rule is already so
what's some exciting stuff
thank you so much for your time does
everyone feel confident that they know
what to do this week
alright alright cool any other what any
last remarks
oh I'll good okay cool alright everyone
thank you so much for coming just great
chat with y'all and next week or chat
through the get-ups analysis by but